lozm/compound/GooseAdapter.java
 lozm.compound.GooseAdapter
lozm/composite/MenuApplication.java
 lozm.composite.MenuApplication
lozm/command/fan/CeilingFanHighCommand.java
 lozm.command.fan.CeilingFanHighCommand
lozm/practice/Decorator.java
 lozm.practice.Decorator
lozm/practice/factory/OptionsFactory.java
 lozm.practice.factory.OptionsFactory
lozm/practice/condition/Ice.java
 lozm.practice.condition.Ice
lozm/practice/condition/Hot.java
 lozm.practice.condition.Hot
lozm/proxy/remoteProxy/BallMonitor.java
 lozm.proxy.remoteProxy.BallMonitor
lozm/facade/Screen.java
 lozm.facade.Screen
lozm/command/light/RemoteControlApplication.java
 lozm.command.light.RemoteControlApplication
lozm/factory/simple/StoreApplication.java
 lozm.factory.simple.StoreApplication
lozm/observer/weather/custom/ForecastDisplay.java
 lozm.observer.weather.custom.ForecastDisplay
lozm/command/light/RemoteControlWithUndo.java
 lozm.command.light.RemoteControlWithUndo
lozm/decorator/cafe/CondimentDecorator.java
 lozm.decorator.cafe.CondimentDecorator
lozm/templateMethod/simple/Tea.java
 lozm.templateMethod.simple.Tea
lozm/compound/QuackLogist.java
 lozm.compound.QuackLogist
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/PizzaStore.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.PizzaStore
lozm/factory/method/NyPizzaStore.java
 lozm.factory.method.NyPizzaStore
lozm/decorator/cafe/HouseBlend.java
 lozm.decorator.cafe.HouseBlend
lozm/command/light/LightOffCommand.java
 lozm.command.light.LightOffCommand
lozm/compound/Goose.java
 lozm.compound.Goose
lozm/singleton/Singleton.java
 lozm.singleton.Singleton
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/CheesePizza.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.CheesePizza
lozm/composite/Waitress.java
 lozm.composite.Waitress
lozm/practice/factory/PracticeFactory.java
 lozm.practice.factory.PracticeFactory
lozm/command/simple/SimpleRemoteControl.java
 lozm.command.simple.SimpleRemoteControl
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/Onion.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.Onion
lozm/compound/MallardDuck.java
 lozm.compound.MallardDuck
lozm/practice/size/Large.java
 lozm.practice.size.Large
lozm/compound/QuackObservable.java
 lozm.compound.QuackObservable
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/PizzaIngredientFactory.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.PizzaIngredientFactory
lozm/state/simple/WinnerState.java
 lozm.state.simple.WinnerState
lozm/practice/code/Condition.java
 lozm.practice.code.Condition
lozm/command/simple/Command.java
 lozm.command.simple.Command
lozm/practice/options/Soy.java
 lozm.practice.options.Soy
lozm/practice/PracticeApplication.java
 lozm.practice.PracticeApplication
lozm/practice/size/Medium.java
 lozm.practice.size.Medium
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/Dough.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.Dough
lozm/facade/DvdPlayer.java
 lozm.facade.DvdPlayer
lozm/proxy/protectionProxy/PersonBeanImpl.java
 lozm.proxy.protectionProxy.PersonBeanImpl
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/Cheese.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.Cheese
lozm/observer/weather/custom/Subject.java
 lozm.observer.weather.custom.Subject
lozm/proxy/protectionProxy/OwnerInvocationHandler.java
 lozm.proxy.protectionProxy.OwnerInvocationHandler
lozm/observer/ConcreteSubject.java
 lozm.observer.ConcreteSubject
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/AbstractPizza.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.AbstractPizza
lozm/factory/simple/StoreManage.java
 lozm.factory.simple.StoreManage
lozm/practice/code/CoffeeSize.java
 lozm.practice.code.CoffeeSize
lozm/observer/ConcreteObserver2.java
 lozm.observer.ConcreteObserver2
lozm/Test.java
 lozm.Test
lozm/adapter/simple/WildTurkey.java
 lozm.adapter.simple.WildTurkey
lozm/factory/simple/StoreA.java
 lozm.factory.simple.StoreA
lozm/templateMethod/simple/AbstractClass.java
 lozm.templateMethod.simple.AbstractClass
lozm/decorator/cafe/CafeApplication.java
 lozm.decorator.cafe.CafeApplication
lozm/observer/ConcreteObserver1.java
 lozm.observer.ConcreteObserver1
lozm/adapter/simple/TurkeyAdapter.java
 lozm.adapter.simple.TurkeyAdapter
lozm/command/light/StereoOnWithCdCommand.java
 lozm.command.light.StereoOnWithCdCommand
lozm/factory/method/PizzaStore.java
 lozm.factory.method.PizzaStore
lozm/practice/size/Small.java
 lozm.practice.size.Small
lozm/proxy/protectionProxy/MatchMakingApplication.java
 lozm.proxy.protectionProxy.MatchMakingApplication
lozm/practice/coffee/Espresso.java
 lozm.practice.coffee.Espresso
lozm/facade/HomeTheaterFacade.java
 lozm.facade.HomeTheaterFacade
lozm/composite/Menu.java
 lozm.composite.Menu
lozm/command/light/Stereo.java
 lozm.command.light.Stereo
lozm/factory/method/FactoryMethodApplication.java
 lozm.factory.method.FactoryMethodApplication
lozm/observer/weather/custom/WeatherApplication.java
 lozm.observer.weather.custom.WeatherApplication
lozm/observer/weather/custom/ThirdPartyDisplay.java
 lozm.observer.weather.custom.ThirdPartyDisplay
lozm/observer/weather/custom/CurrentConditionDisplay.java
 lozm.observer.weather.custom.CurrentConditionDisplay
lozm/compound/QuackCounter.java
 lozm.compound.QuackCounter
lozm/templateMethod/simple/CoffeeWithHook.java
 lozm.templateMethod.simple.CoffeeWithHook
lozm/facade/HomeTheaterApplication.java
 lozm.facade.HomeTheaterApplication
 lozm.facade.HomeTheaterApplication$1
 lozm.facade.HomeTheaterApplication$2
 lozm.facade.HomeTheaterApplication$3
 lozm.facade.HomeTheaterApplication$4
lozm/practice/code/CoffeeOptions.java
 lozm.practice.code.CoffeeOptions
lozm/templateMethod/simple/SimpleCaffeineApplication.java
 lozm.templateMethod.simple.SimpleCaffeineApplication
lozm/proxy/protectionProxy/NonOwnerInvocationHandler.java
 lozm.proxy.protectionProxy.NonOwnerInvocationHandler
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/Sauce.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.Sauce
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/MaranaraSauce.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.MaranaraSauce
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/NyPizzaIngredientFactory.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.NyPizzaIngredientFactory
lozm/practice/code/Coffee.java
 lozm.practice.code.Coffee
lozm/composite/MenuItem.java
 lozm.composite.MenuItem
lozm/command/fan/CeilingFanOffCommand.java
 lozm.command.fan.CeilingFanOffCommand
lozm/practice/options/Mocha.java
 lozm.practice.options.Mocha
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/Garlic.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.Garlic
lozm/factory/method/Pizza.java
 lozm.factory.method.Pizza
lozm/state/simple/State.java
 lozm.state.simple.State
lozm/command/fan/CeilingFanMediumCommand.java
 lozm.command.fan.CeilingFanMediumCommand
lozm/decorator/cafe/Beverage.java
 lozm.decorator.cafe.Beverage
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/ThinCrustDough.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.ThinCrustDough
lozm/state/simple/SoldOutState.java
 lozm.state.simple.SoldOutState
lozm/composite/CompositeIterator.java
 lozm.composite.CompositeIterator
lozm/command/simple/SimpleRemoteControlApplication.java
 lozm.command.simple.SimpleRemoteControlApplication
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/Pepperoni.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.Pepperoni
lozm/decorator/cafe/Soy.java
 lozm.decorator.cafe.Soy
lozm/facade/Amplifier.java
 lozm.facade.Amplifier
lozm/command/light/NoCommand.java
 lozm.command.light.NoCommand
lozm/practice/Component.java
 lozm.practice.Component
lozm/command/simple/Light.java
 lozm.command.simple.Light
lozm/compound/DuckCall.java
 lozm.compound.DuckCall
lozm/command/macro/MacroCommand.java
 lozm.command.macro.MacroCommand
lozm/proxy/protectionProxy/PersonBean.java
 lozm.proxy.protectionProxy.PersonBean
lozm/compound/RedHeadDuck.java
 lozm.compound.RedHeadDuck
lozm/factory/method/ChicagoStyleCheesePizza.java
 lozm.factory.method.ChicagoStyleCheesePizza
lozm/observer/weather/ObserverApplication.java
 lozm.observer.weather.ObserverApplication
lozm/practice/options/Whip.java
 lozm.practice.options.Whip
lozm/practice/factory/CoffeeFactory.java
 lozm.practice.factory.CoffeeFactory
lozm/state/simple/SoldState.java
 lozm.state.simple.SoldState
lozm/compound/Quackable.java
 lozm.compound.Quackable
lozm/decorator/cafe/Espresso.java
 lozm.decorator.cafe.Espresso
lozm/practice/coffee/Americano.java
 lozm.practice.coffee.Americano
lozm/templateMethod/simple/CaffeineBeverage.java
 lozm.templateMethod.simple.CaffeineBeverage
lozm/compound/CountingDuckFactory.java
 lozm.compound.CountingDuckFactory
lozm/compound/Observable.java
 lozm.compound.Observable
lozm/command/fan/CeilingFanApplication.java
 lozm.command.fan.CeilingFanApplication
lozm/compound/DuckSimulator.java
 lozm.compound.DuckSimulator
lozm/command/fan/CeilingFan.java
 lozm.command.fan.CeilingFan
lozm/compound/AbstractDuckFactory.java
 lozm.compound.AbstractDuckFactory
lozm/compound/DuckFactory.java
 lozm.compound.DuckFactory
lozm/adapter/simple/Duck.java
 lozm.adapter.simple.Duck
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/ClamPizza.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.ClamPizza
lozm/observer/Observer.java
 lozm.observer.Observer
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/NyPizzaStore.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.NyPizzaStore
lozm/decorator/cafe/Mocha.java
 lozm.decorator.cafe.Mocha
lozm/compound/RubberDuck.java
 lozm.compound.RubberDuck
lozm/factory/simple/StoreC.java
 lozm.factory.simple.StoreC
lozm/state/simple/BallMachine.java
 lozm.state.simple.BallMachine
lozm/composite/NullIterator.java
 lozm.composite.NullIterator
lozm/practice/coffee/Cappuccino.java
 lozm.practice.coffee.Cappuccino
lozm/singleton/VolatileSingleton.java
 lozm.singleton.VolatileSingleton
lozm/command/light/RemoteControl.java
 lozm.command.light.RemoteControl
lozm/adapter/simple/MallardDuck.java
 lozm.adapter.simple.MallardDuck
lozm/adapter/simple/SimpleAdapterApplication.java
 lozm.adapter.simple.SimpleAdapterApplication
lozm/factory/simple/StoreB.java
 lozm.factory.simple.StoreB
lozm/factory/method/ChicagoPizzaStore.java
 lozm.factory.method.ChicagoPizzaStore
lozm/observer/Subject.java
 lozm.observer.Subject
lozm/practice/factory/SizeFactory.java
 lozm.practice.factory.SizeFactory
lozm/observer/weather/custom/WeatherData.java
 lozm.observer.weather.custom.WeatherData
lozm/command/simple/LightOnCommand.java
 lozm.command.simple.LightOnCommand
lozm/practice/coffee/Latte.java
 lozm.practice.coffee.Latte
lozm/observer/weather/custom/Observer.java
 lozm.observer.weather.custom.Observer
lozm/observer/weather/custom/DisplayElement.java
 lozm.observer.weather.custom.DisplayElement
lozm/adapter/EnumerationIterator.java
 lozm.adapter.EnumerationIterator
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/ReggianoCheese.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.ReggianoCheese
lozm/composite/MenuComponent.java
 lozm.composite.MenuComponent
lozm/practice/coffee/ColdBrew.java
 lozm.practice.coffee.ColdBrew
lozm/practice/factory/ConditionFactory.java
 lozm.practice.factory.ConditionFactory
lozm/factory/method/NyStyleCheesePizza.java
 lozm.factory.method.NyStyleCheesePizza
lozm/factory/simple/Store.java
 lozm.factory.simple.Store
lozm/compound/Observer.java
 lozm.compound.Observer
lozm/adapter/simple/Turkey.java
 lozm.adapter.simple.Turkey
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/Veggies.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.Veggies
lozm/state/simple/HasQuarterState.java
 lozm.state.simple.HasQuarterState
lozm/factory/simple/SimpleStoreFactory.java
 lozm.factory.simple.SimpleStoreFactory
lozm/compound/Flock.java
 lozm.compound.Flock
lozm/factory/abstractFactory/Clams.java
 lozm.factory.abstractFactory.Clams
lozm/singleton/SimpleSingleton.java
 lozm.singleton.SimpleSingleton
lozm/proxy/remoteProxy/BallMonitorApplication.java
 lozm.proxy.remoteProxy.BallMonitorApplication
lozm/decorator/cafe/Whip.java
 lozm.decorator.cafe.Whip
lozm/state/simple/BallMachineApplication.java
 lozm.state.simple.BallMachineApplication
lozm/facade/PopcornPopper.java
 lozm.facade.PopcornPopper
lozm/state/simple/NoQuarterState.java
 lozm.state.simple.NoQuarterState
lozm/templateMethod/simple/Coffee.java
 lozm.templateMethod.simple.Coffee
